so hello chalet qu'alexander who is going
Race the Great Stone Challenge
Lavoie and we will talk today about
muscles of the PU so its
muscles to alexander are hyper
important because going on then I'm going to you
show how to work the muscles
in front of the abdomen so the abdominals
but also on the side and also the
back muscles for really they
are solid and stable in progress ok on
will start with the boards exercise
frontal a classic exercise our
place and especially claude kunz where the
shoulders then back x 2 places in
Plank position well right
looking at the elongated neck to Colombian
right we do not want to see the buttocks too
up or down it would be nice and at
craft his life at age 65 and then in the
cause it's too difficult can do the
same exercise but by filing
knees on the floor like that he'll have to
half board
ok now to work the
side muscles thirsty at the board
lateral between placing on the side with
the elbow on the shoulder
legs well elongated and then you get up
and you still hold true at age 65
if it's too difficult to bend the
knee underneath and then our thirst at the
half side boards now we're going
work the back muscles in with
the 2011 exercise that lay on the
back places feet hip width
you raise the basin and you go down a
vertebra at a time to unroll the
spine
and then after that the movement is repeated
in which he remains only at
finish by working
the other side and so you can redo
the exercise of side boards and if
never is it easy what you can
do is lift a leg and a
arms and coming at the same time like that
and there raises a leg and arm evening
it's really hard and waking up
and then we repeat we worked the front
the side has it real side it's done
really all around the abdomen
with its meaning really supported in
running if you want it to be little
difficult you can even do twice
the cycle three times four times you
be really really felt
not so the former working 3 years we
do you can do it as well before
training after training
you do before training all done
shorter time
the goal is really warm up then
to get there well win for the race
enumerators well well stable if you do
after training the sculptor more
long is really exhausted your
muscles and then strengthened on it I
wish you a very good training
for the race of the big challenge stone
the way